
   HOST | 1 for every training | Server admin (If the host is Mod+ they can host a shift alone)
  Co-Host | 1 for every training | Hotel director
  Ranker | 1-3 for every training | Management
  Trainer | No limit | Resort supervisor
  Trainee |No limit | All




Host Guide
The host needs to make sure that the trainers are doing the right thing
Intro
At the exact time exmpl. 10am Do a server announcment
Hello everyone my names (Username) I will be your host.
(Optional) After the training all trainers and Learners go to the main room for a photo!
Co-Host says their intro
I will first tell you some info that is vital to your success
Info
You will need to work as hard as you can for a promotion but I will need points for my first one I will need about 1750 points
In the shop to check how much something costs stem on the shop sign in front of the counter
To deal with a troller tell an MR
After the info you go to the training area and teleport players to their trainer
End
Thank you for attending! Have a nice day

Co-Host guide
Intro--- Hi i'm (Username) I will be your co host
Before the start make sure that all trainers have the guide
Complete the shouts

Ranker guide
The ranker does not do anything until the end and then they will rank you

Trainer guide


Hello everyone I am (Name) I will be your trainer

I will teach you all you need to know about this hotel

If you need to go AFK please inform me

You get 3 minutes of AFK time

If I go afk or disconnect please wait for me. If I am gone for 5 minutes inform the host about my absence

Is everyone ready All LRs need to answer

Any questions?

PT 1 Greetings
Ok. So first we need to devise a greeting

A greeting can be anything such as

Welcome to Bulgari resorts I'm (Username) How can I help?

You can personalise it because this is just an example and it does not have to be the exact same

You can add emojis and smileys!

Now I want to see everyones greeting.
(Wait until they have said their greeting)
Great job!!!

If they failed by saying something like Welcum too Bulgeraye resort. The requirements are Understandable grammar. If they misspell "Bulgari resorts" You can fail them. If they have to be failed say this
Sorry. You have failed the Greeting part. Try again next time.

PT 2 The checkin

Well done you all passed the greeting test.

Now I will tell you about the check in.

To check in you say your greeting when someone comes up.

If they say how to work there then reply and answer

If they ask for a room exit the check in desk and bring them to an avalible room.

(Now do a test INDIVIDULY)

Hello. Can I have a room?

Hello how do I work here?

If they do something wrong you can fail them and say 
Sorry. You have failed the Check in test . Try again next time.

PT3 The shop

Well done you have passed! Now I will tell you about the shop and resteraunt

The shop is an RP but the resteraunt you need to get the players item.

The resteraunt the person will state their order eg chips and pizza. Then you go into the kitchen and get  a bag of chips and a pizza.
Then use the hand to system to give them it. To use it hold the item you want to give and type in their name 

The shop is a bit different

You first say an edited version of your greeting "Welcome to bulgari store What are you buying"

If they say they do not want to RP do not push them. If they do then check out their items

Now we will do a test

(Walk up to them. They should say their greeting)

Can I have chips?
or
Can I check out?

If they fail then say
Sorry. You have failed the Shop test. You will not be banned and instead please head over to the Training host.

PT 4 Trivia

Well done you have passed now we will do the trivia

(Remember that it is 3 strikes your out except use warns by saying !wrong (their username))

How do I check the cost of items in the shop?
A. You stand in front of the counter

How do I greet someone properly
A. Greeting

How do I treat a HR (Not in test use your common sense)
A.Give the HR space

How do I deal with a troller
A. Tell an MR

What if there is no MR how do I contact one
A. On Gilded

How do I check someone in
A. Bring them to an avalible room

How much points do I need for my next rank?
A. 1750

(If they get 3 questions wrong they will be auto kicked)

PT 5 End
Thanks for completing the training.
Have a nice day!
(Bring them to the blue line and leave once a ranker comes to them)


If at the start the host says there will be a micuture stay ingame 